Add new clearFilters action (#58)
CartoDB/carto-react-lib: docs/api-reference/redux.md

| {type} | <code>FilterType</code> | `FilterTypes.IN` and `FilterTypes.BETWEEN` |

### removeFilter
Action to remove a column filter from a source

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| <code>id</code> | sourceId of the filter to remove |
| <code>column</code> | column of the filter to remove |

### clearFilters
Action to remove all filters from a source

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | <code>id</code> | sourceId of the filter to remove |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>id</code> | sourceId of the source to remove all filters from |
```
